hi it's Heather here at Lake Geneva
country meets and today I'm going to
show you one of my all-time favorite rip
meals and that's goulash my grandmother
and my mother both naked and it's
absolutely delicious so today I'm going
to share the recipe with you so I have
right here is beef tenderloin tips and I
just have them sauteing a little bit of
butter you want to make sure your pans
nice and hot as you can see down at the
bottom and we're going to add one onion
and one green pepper and we're just
going to add that we're just going to
saute these for like another minute or
so you just want to get them a little
bit soft
so what we're going to do next is we're
going to season I have red pepper flakes
probably going to have about a half a
teaspoon or if you like it a little bit
more spicier than you can add a little
bit more we have a little bit of garlic
garlic powder we're going to add
probably about a teaspoon teaspoon and a
half of that I usually just go by if I
cover the entire handful of the spice
then that's good so then we have our
pepper course about another teaspoon and
a half salt teaspoon teaspoon and a half
and the paprika again how about a
teaspoon or so
hmm a little more and then we're just
going to mix that in once you have that
mixed in then we're going to add our
diced tomatoes if I have about like 16
ounces or so
you want to have the juice in with it
also and then we're going to have our
red wine i'm going to add like a half a
cup or so of that
and then I have four cups of beef broth
can just use water and then add 2 tbsp
are two cubes of beef bullion if you'd
like alright now that we have everything
together I'm going to put a lid on this
and I'm going to let it go for probably
about two two and a half hours and then
we'll come back and check on it alright
we've been having it's summer now for
about two and a half hours so let's take
a look and it looks perfect it's nice
and tender then you have a little bit of
juice left you had a little bit more you
could take a little bit of cornstarch
and thicken it up if you'd like but I'm
just going to leave it how it is and now
I have some noodles that are already
cooked and I'm just going to put that
right over top and a little bit more
it's all set and ready to go now for the
best part to taste it just get a nice
piece
mmm delicious one of my favorite meals
it's very easy to make so stop on in at
Lake Geneva country meets and pick up
these items and enjoy this recipe at
home
you